Rhythmic Felt Lynx

medium

# Delegate Exploitation Risk in Locking Position Tokens

## Summary
When Locking Position tokens are traded on secondary markets like OpenSea, previously assigned delegates remain in the associated mappings, potentially enabling attackers to exploit the system. 

## Vulnerability Detail
Locking Position delegates can be assigned to carry out protocol functions on behalf of token owners. However, when Locking Position tokens are sold on secondary markets like OpenSea, any previously assigned delegates remain unchanged in the associated mappings within `LockingPositionDelegate.sol`. Although the new token owner holds the capability to manually remove delegates from Ys, Ve, and Mg, it's possible that rewards can still be stolen.
```solidity
    function delegateYsCvg(uint256 _tokenId, address _to) external onlyTokenOwner(_tokenId) {
        delegatedYsCvg[_tokenId] = _to;
        emit DelegateShare(_tokenId, _to);
    }
```
Consider following scenario:
1. Attacker `delegateYsCvg()` to himself.
2. Locking Position token is listed for 1 ETH on OpenSea.
3. Total available rewards on the token is worth 1.5 ETH.
4. Buyer is purchases the token expecting some profit.
5. As soon as buyers transaction is completed, attacker back runs and claims all available rewards before owner has a chance to remove old delegate.

## Impact
Old delegates are able to claim rewards from new owner of locking token.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/main/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Locking/LockingPositionDelegate.sol#L237
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/main/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Locking/LockingPositionDelegate.sol#L237
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/main/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Locking/LockingPositionDelegate.sol#L278
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/main/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Rewards/YsDistributor.sol#L155
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
All delegates should be removed after transferring of ownership.