Magic Mauve Wren

high

# `SdtRewardReceiver` has voided slippage check

## Summary

The `SdtRewardReceiver` contract is in charge of receiving staking rewards and distributing them to protocol users. In particular, the claiming of rewards can happen by calling one of two of the contract's methods: `claimCvgSdtSimple()` or `claimMultipleStaking()`.
In both cases, eventually passes to the internal method `_withdrawRewards()`. This method, depending on market conditions, may swap `SDT` tokens for `CvgSDT` using a Curve pool.

## Vulnerability Detail

The issue I've found is that the swap from `SDT` into `CvgSDT` has a slippage check which is completely voided, as the minimum amount of exiting tokens is queried from the pool contract itself, right before executing the swap.

Calculating the minimum amount of tokens exiting a swap in this way is incorrect, as there's no way for the `SdtRewardReceiver` contract to know whether it's getting a fair price or not. In particular, the Curve pool's `get_dy` method returns the exiting amount of tokens for a trade, based on it's current state and the StableSwap invariant: if the pool were to be imbalanced, `get_dy` would return a value which is alligned with such reserve imbalance.

Ultimately, this creates a high risk for the protocol to be sandwhiched when attempting to swap such `SDT` for `CvgSDT`, resulting in the protocol losing, potentially, a high amount of its accumulated rewards to a sandwhich attack. 

## Impact

Theft of `SDT` rewards

## Code Snippet

[`SdtRewardReceiver.sol#_withdrawRewards()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/main/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Staking/StakeDAO/SdtRewardReceiver.sol#L235)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

I see two viable approaches for the protocol to mitigate this risk:
1. To allow for a caller of this method to specify the minimum amount of tokens expected from this swap, in the case in which it were to be necessary.
2. To employ a TWAP oracle in order to calculate the fair market price at which the tokens are to be swapped, and to apply a derive an allowed slippage amount from such price.