Howling Coffee Bird

high

# The user's rewards may become locked in the contract

## Summary
Users who withdraw all assets, claim rewards, and remain inactive for an extended period may face gas exhaustion issues when attempting to deposit and claim rewards using the same tokenId. The `claimCvgRewards()` function's looping mechanism, which spans from the last claimed cycle to the current cycle, becomes computationally expensive, leading to "out of gas" errors. This results in the user's rewards being indefinitely locked in the contract, preventing them from claiming rewards for current cycles.

## Vulnerability Detail
This function is used to claim Cvg rewards. In the function, it loops through all cycles from the last claimed cycle to the current cycle, and after claiming, it sets the cycle as claimed for the NFT.
```solidity
 uint256 _totalAmount;
        for (; lastClaimedCycle < actualCycle; ) {
            /// @dev Retrieve the staked amount at the iterated cycle for this Staking position
            uint256 tokenStaked = _stakedAmountEligibleAtCycle(lastClaimedCycle, tokenId, lengthHistory);
            uint256 claimableAmount;
            /// @dev If no staked amount are eligible to rewards on the iterated cycle.
            if (tokenStaked != 0) {
                /// @dev Computes the staking share of the Staking Position compare to the total Staked.
                ///      By multiplying this share by the total CVG distributed for the cycle, we get the claimable amount.
                claimableAmount =
                    (tokenStaked * _cycleInfo[lastClaimedCycle].cvgRewardsAmount) /
                    _cycleInfo[lastClaimedCycle].totalStaked;
                /// @dev increments the total amount in CVG to mint to the user
                _totalAmount += claimableAmount;
            }

            unchecked {
                ++lastClaimedCycle;
            }
        }

```

If a user withdraws all assets, claims all rewards, and a significant amount of time passes without making any deposits, the `lastClaimedCvg `value in `_lastClaims[tokenId]` will still be updated to the last claimed cycle during the withdrawal. The issue arises when the user later deposits funds using the same tokenId and attempts to claim rewards using `claimCvgRewards()`.

Since the function loops through all cycles from the last claimed cycle to the current cycle, and the `lastClaimedCycle` value is significantly behind the current cycle due to the extended period of inactivity, the for loop becomes computationally expensive and may result in an "out of gas" error. As a consequence, the user's rewards remain locked in the contract indefinitely, preventing them from claiming the rewards associated with the current cycles.

## Impact
The user's rewards remain locked in the contract indefinitely.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/main/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Staking/StakeDAO/SdtStakingPositionService.sol#L358-L380
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/main/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Staking/StakeDAO/SdtStakingPositionService.sol#L380

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
When a user withdraws all funds, claims all rewards, and burns the NFT.
