Attractive Pineapple Halibut

medium

# Wrong computation of total supply of ysCVG when locking CVG in LockingPositionService

## Summary
Methods `mintPosition`, `increaseLockAmount`, `increaseLockTimeAndAmount` in `LockingPositionService` compute the number of minted ysCVG in total supply incorrectly. Quite often the sum of minted mgCVG and ysCVG is one token less than the CVG amount locked. 

## Vulnerability Detail

Let's examine the `mintPosition` method. Methods `increaseLockAmount` and `increaseLockTimeAndAmount` have the same mistake in computation.

The number of minted ysCVG tokens are computed as `(amount * ysPercentage) / MAX_PERCENTAGE * lockDuration / MAX_LOCK`. The `(amount * ysPercentage) / MAX_PERCENTAGE` part is computed when passing a `cvgLockAmount` parameter to `_ysCvgCheckpoint` function, and the `(lockDuration * cvgLockAmount) / MAX_LOCK` part is computed in `_ysCvgCheckpoint`.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/main/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Locking/LockingPositionService.sol#L262
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/main/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Locking/LockingPositionService.sol#L584

The number of minted mgCVG tokens are computed as `(amount * (MAX_PERCENTAGE - ysPercentage)  * lockDuration) / (MAX_LOCK * MAX_PERCENTAGE)` in `mintPosition` method. The `amount * (MAX_PERCENTAGE - ysPercentage)` part is computed as `amountVote` variable and the `(amountVote * lockDuration) / (MAX_LOCK * MAX_PERCENTAGE)` part is computed as `_mgCvgCreated` variable.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/main/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Locking/LockingPositionService.sol#L267-L276

For the first example let's say `lockDuration == MAX_LOCK`, `amount == 9` and `ysPercentage == 10`:
- ysCVG tokens == (9 * 10) / 100 * 96 / 96 == 0
- mgCVG tokens == (9 * (100 - 10) * 96) / (96 * 100) == 8
- the total sum of ysCVG and mgCVG tokens is 8, that is one token less than input amount or 11% less

For the second example let's take `lockDuration == 3`, `amount == 1024` and `ysPercentage == 10`:
- ysCVG tokens == (1024 * 10) / 100 * 3 / 96 == 3
- mgCVG tokens == (1024 * (100 - 10) * 3) / (96 * 100) == 28
- the desired sum of minted tokes is 1024 * 3 // 96 == 32
- the total sum of ysCVG and mgCVG tokens is 31, that is one token less than the desired amount or 3% less

## Impact

Every operation with CVG locking from the user side could lead to one token loss in minted ysCVG in total supply. The impact depends on the input `amount` of CVG tokens and `lockDuration`, but it's especially noticeable when the `amount` or `lockDuration` are small (amount < 100, lockDuration < 10). Overall each incorrect computaion in every locking method could lead to 10% loss in extreme cases.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
    _ysCvgCheckpoint(lockDuration, (amount * ysPercentage) / MAX_PERCENTAGE, actualCycle, endLockCycle);
    uint256 ysTotalAmount = (lockDuration * cvgLockAmount) / MAX_LOCK; 
    ...
    uint256 amountVote = amount * (MAX_PERCENTAGE - ysPercentage); 
    _mgCvgCreated = (amountVote * lockDuration) / (MAX_LOCK * MAX_PERCENTAGE);
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
One of the ways to fix the incorrect computation is to compute separately the desired sum of minted ysCVG + mgCVG tokens and compute the number of ysCVG or mgCVG tokens by substracting the other number from the desired sum.

```solidity
uint256 ysCVGmgCVG = (amount * lockDuration) / MAX_LOCK;
uint256 amountVote = amount * (MAX_PERCENTAGE - ysPercentage); 
uint256 _mgCvgCreated = (amountVote * lockDuration) / (MAX_LOCK * MAX_PERCENTAGE);
...
uint256 ysTotalAmount = ysCVGmgCVG - _mgCvgCreated;
```

