Active Obsidian Mule

high

# `increaseLockTime` fails to update ys amount to receive according to lock duration

## Summary

`LockingPositionService.increaseLockTime` doesn't call `_ysCvgCheckpoint` and instead simply updates the duration to apply the current ys reward amount to the position. As a result, the per-lock-time amount computation is ignored and rewards are either missed or overpaid.

Note: This also applies to mgCvg amounts, which needs to be considered and mitigated.

## Vulnerability Detail

`_ysCvgCheckpoint` is used to compute the ys amount to increment totalSuppliesTracking values according to the amount locked and lock duration. `increaseLockTime` doesn't use `_ysCvgCheckpoint` and instead performs _some_ of the logic itself. Specifically, it updates the totalSuppliesTracking values without tracking the ys amount according to the time the cvg is being relocked for. This leads to circumstances where positions can earn more or less ys than they should. 

Consider, for example, a position that was previously locked for the max lock duration that gets its duration increased with `increaseLockTime`. Normally, as seen in `increaseLockTimeAndAmount`, the ys amount that the position is earning depends upon the duration of the lock increase. This means that if we extend the lock for e.g., 1/4 of the max lock duration, our position will be earning 1/4 the amount of ys for the same amount of cvg locked.

Conversely, what happens for `increaseLockTime` is that the increased duration is entirely ignored, simply using the existing ys amount for whatever the previous duration was. This means that the same extension of 1/4 of the max lock duration would be earning 4x as much as it should since it's using the previous multiplier.

Since the max lock is 96 cycles, or 8 TDE cycles, and the minimum lock is 1 TDE cycle, ys amounts per cvg locked can incorrectly vary by up to a factor of 8 due to this incorrect logic in `increaseLockTime`.

## Impact

Users can receive up to 8x higher or lower rewards than they ought to when increase lock positions.

## Code Snippet

`increaseLockTime` simply applies the existing ys amount to the updated duration.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/main/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Locking/LockingPositionService.sol#L407
```solidity
if (lockingPosition.ysPercentage != 0) {
    /** @dev Retrieve the balance registered at the cycle where the ysBalance is supposed to drop. */
    uint256 _ysToReport = balanceOfYsCvgAt(tokenId, oldEndCycle - 1);
    /** @dev Add this value to the tracking on the oldEndCycle. */
    totalSuppliesTracking[oldEndCycle].ysToAdd += _ysToReport;
    /** @dev Report this value in the newEndCycle in the Sub part. */
    totalSuppliesTracking[newEndCycle].ysToSub += _ysToReport;
}
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

`increaseLockTime` must recalculate ys amount according to extended duration.