Raspy Corduroy Raven

medium

# Users who withdraw and exchange their rewards into CvgSDT may become target of sandwich attacks due to an insufficient slippage protection in `SdtRewardReceiver._withdrawRewards()`

## Summary

The function `SdtRewardReceiver._withdrawRewards()` has an insufficient slippage protection when a user wants to withdraw and convert their reward into CvgSDT. The conversion into CvgSDT is done by swapping Sdt into a stable pool from Curve. The minimum amount for slippage protection for this exchange is calculated by the protocol by using Curve pool's function `get_dy()` which is insufficient.

## Vulnerability Detail

When rewards are withdrawn inside `SdtRewardReceiver.sol`, the function `SdtRewardReceiver._withdrawRewards()` is called internally, which allows to convert SDT into CvgSDT via the function param `isConvert`. If `isConvert` is set to true and the function param `isMint` is set to false, the 
SDT reward assets are swapped into the stable pool to receive CvgSDT (line 235 SdtRewardReceiver.sol). The incentive for swapping into the stable pool is to receive more CvgSDT than by just minting CvgSDT with a 1:1 ratio (line 231 SdtRewardReceiver.sol).

However there is an issue with the applied slippage protection when swapping into the stable pool, because the minimum amount to receive is determined by calling `_poolCvgSDT.get_dy(0, 1, rewardAmount)` (line 235 SdtRewardReceiver.sol),  The issue is that the Curve pool's `get_dy()` function will calculate and return almost (upto rounding error, which is not the focus here) the same amount of CvgSDT as the Curve pool's `exchange()` function is calculating and exchanging, which means that the slippage protection is not sufficient in this case.

## Impact

A user Alice can of course decide to just mint the CvgSDT tokens in a 1:1 ratio by specifying the `isMint` to be true. However the Curve market may be favorable for Alice so they rather want to exchange into CvgSDT and set `isMint` to false to receive more CvgSDT tokens. But since there is no sufficient slippage protection in place, Alice can be frontrunned by a malicious user Bob who performs a sandwich attack on Alice. Bob frontruns Alice, exchanges in the Curve pool so that the exchange rate for Alice is not favorable. Then Alice tx goes through but they will receive less CvgSDT tokens due to Bob frontrunning them. Then Bob finishes the sandwich attack by doing a second tx and gaining profit on Alice's expense.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/main/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Staking/StakeDAO/SdtRewardReceiver.sol#L213-L245

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/main/sherlock-cvg/contracts/utils/SdtUtilities.sol#L93-L95

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider allowing the user to specify a min amount for slippage. Alternatively adjust the slippage protection to be similar to `SdtUtilities.convertAndStakeCvgSdt()` where slippage is calculated to be bigger than 105% of the `_sdtAmount`:

```solidity
// SdtUtilities.convertAndStakeCvgSdt()
93            if (crvPoolPlain.get_dy(0, 1, _sdtAmount) > (_sdtAmount * HUNDER_COMMA_5) / HUNDER) {
94                /// @dev peg is too low, we swap in the LP with the SDT sent
95                crvPoolPlain.exchange(0, 1, _sdtAmount, _sdtAmount, address(this));
96            } else {
97                /// @dev peg OK, we pass through the mint process 1:1, sending the SDT in the veSDTMultisig
98                cvgSdt.mint(address(this), _sdtAmount);
99            }
```