Sticky Chambray Bobcat

medium

# SdtRewardReceiver::_withdrawRewards DoS Risk for Blacklisted USDT Users

## Summary

The `SdtRewardReceiver::_withdrawRewards` function aims to distribute StakeDAO rewards to users. However if a user is entitled to USDT rewards and is blacklisted by USDT, he won’t be able to claim their rewards.

## Vulnerability Detail

When a blacklisted USDT user attempts to claim their rewards, the USDT transfer will fail because of `totalSdtRewardsClaimable[i].token.safeTransfer(receiver, rewardAmount)`. This failure would halt the entire reward distribution process for that user, also denying them access to other legitimately earned rewards.

### Scenario:

1. Alice is entitled to various rewards, including USDT.
2. Alice is blacklisted by USDT.
3. Alice wants to claim all their rewards, including USDT, by calling `SdtRewardReceiver::_withdrawRewards`.
4. The transaction to transfer USDT to Alice fails due to her blacklisted status, inadvertently blocking her from claiming all other rewards too.

## Code Snippet

- [https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/e894be3e36614a385cf409dc7e278d5b8f16d6f2/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Staking/StakeDAO/SdtRewardReceiver.sol#L238](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/e894be3e36614a385cf409dc7e278d5b8f16d6f2/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Staking/StakeDAO/SdtRewardReceiver.sol#L238)

## Impact
User is denied access to some of his legitimate rewards, on the basis of one token blacklisting

## Tool used

## Recommendation

Implement an error handling mechanism (try-catch) in the `SdtRewardReceiver::_withdrawRewards` function.
Specifically, the contract should catch and handle transfer failures, especially for tokens like USDT that can enforce blacklisting.
This would ensure that a failure in distributing one type of reward does not impede the distribution of others.