Low Carrot Jellyfish

medium

# Even though there is way to remove dust delegation; the attacker can continuously spam delegatedVeCvg

## Summary
Even though there is way to remove dust delegation; the attacker can continuously spam

## Vulnerability Detail
While the delegetee can choose to remove any delegation by calling `removeTokenIdDelegated`, they can only remove 1 tokenId delegation at 1 time. First this is very inefficient, Secondly, an attacker with enough gas and bandwidth can set up infrastructure to continouly spam the victim, such that the victim can not effectively remove delegation.

Consider:
1. Alice ddos Bob by already delegating 25 dust tokenId to him, effectively blocking him from receiving any further delegataion.
2. Bob notices this, and start cleaning his delegeted array by calling `removeTokenIdDelegated`
3. Alice monitors the mempool and backrun Bob's call `removeTokenIdDelegated` with delegation.
4. Bob effectively get gas grieved as well as has no way to stop the spamming.

Noted `manageOwnedAndDelegated` does not mitigate this issue since there is no way to pre-populate approved delegation yet.

```solidity

    function removeTokenIdDelegated(uint256 _tokenId, bool removeVeDelegated, bool removeMgDelegated) external {
        if (removeVeDelegated) {
            _cleanVeDelegatee(_tokenId, true);
        }
        if (removeMgDelegated) {
            _removeMgTokenIdDelegated(_tokenId);
        }
    }
```

## Impact
users have no way to effectively stop delegation spam.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/main/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Locking/LockingPositionDelegate.sol#L330-L368

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider adding integration of populating `delegatedVeCvg` on `manageOwnedAndDelegated`, by allowing others to delegate over an "unlimited" delegationCache, and the owner can clean the array and push the delegation from delegationCache to the active delegatedVeCvg array.
