Soft Fern Donkey

medium

# LockingPositionDelegate: Addresses can be gas griefed and permanently DoSed such that they are unable to receive delegations

## Summary
Any address can be permanently DoSed such that it cannot receive delegations* (veCVG and/or mgCVG). Furthermore, gas griefing is possible.

*(technically, it still receives spam delegations from the attacker)
## Vulnerability Detail
The explanation here will omit the case for mgCVG, as it's more or less the same as the case for veCVG.

Let's first consider the gas griefing impact. Consider the following code:
```solidity
    function delegateVeCvg(uint256 _tokenId, address _to) external onlyTokenOwner(_tokenId) {
        require(veCvgDelegatees[_to].length < maxTokenIdsDelegated, "TOO_MUCH_VE_TOKEN_ID_DELEGATED");
        ...
        if (_to != address(0)) {
            /** @dev Add delegation to the new address.*/
            veCvgDelegatees[_to].push(_tokenId);
        }
```
As can be seen, every address has a limit to how many delegations it can have. (This limit is set to 25 in the initializer.) Also note that `LockingPositionService.mintPosition()` does not have a minimum mint amount, so the cost in CVG to the attacker will be negligible. The attack is simple:
1. Attacker mints 24 tokens and delegates them to the victim address.
2. The address cannot receive any more delegations, since the limit has been reached.
3. To enable the address to receive more delegations, it needs to call `removeTokenIdDelegated()` and remove at least one token from its delegator list. Note that delegators can only be removed one at a time.

The gas cost to remove a delegator from a full list is at least 24 cold SLOADs (2100 gas each) due to the below code that's run when removing a delegator:
```solidity
    function getIndexForVeDelegatee(address _delegatee, uint256 _tokenId) public view returns (uint256) {
        uint256[] memory _tokenIds = veCvgDelegatees[_delegatee];
        ...
```
Therefore the gas cost is at least $24 * 2100 + 21000 = 71400$, where 21000 is the base EVM transaction cost. The cost to the attacker for each delegating transaction (ignoring minting costs) is around 3 cold SLOADs (2100 gas each), 1 cold SSTORE (22100 for zero to nonzero), and 1 warm SSTORE (20000 for zero to nonzero), plus the base transaction cost. Thus the cost to the attacker to delegate one token is around 70,000 gas. It can be said that the cost/damage ratio is about 1:1.

Now, let's consider the permanent DoS attack. There are two possible attack scenarios. One attack uses frontrunning:
1. The attacker delegates 24 tokens to the victim address.
2. The victim address wants to be able to receive delegations, so it calls `removeTokenIdDelegated()` for one of the attacker's tokens.
3. The attacker frontruns the transaction with two attacking transactions. The first undelegates the token by calling `delegateVeCVG()` for `address(0)`, and the second delegates a new token to the victim.
4. The victim's transaction will fail, since it is attempting to undelegate a token that is not currently delegated to the victim. The result is that the victim is still unable to receive delegations.

The other attack uses backrunning and is cheaper, but could potentially fail:
1. The attacker delegates 24 tokens to the victim address.
2. The victim address wants to be able to receive delegations, so it calls `removeTokenIdDelegated()` for one of the attacker's tokens.
3. The attacker simply backruns the victim's transaction and redelegates the token (or delegates another token) to the victim. The result is that the victim is still unable to receive delegations.

The gas costs to the victim and the attacker in the backrunning scenario are about the same as in the gas griefing scenario; that is, 1:1. 

In the frontrunning scenario, the attack is more expensive. The victim's transaction only uses 1 cold SLOAD before reverting, so the cost to the victim is around 25000 gas. In comparison, the attacker's first transaction executes 3 cold SLOADs and 1 warm SSTORE (2900 since the value is not changed to nonzero from zero), so the cost is around 30000 gas. We can assume that the second transaction costs around 70000 gas as previously explained, so the total cost to the attacker is around 100,000 and the ratio of the attacker cost to the victim cost for the guaranteed DoS attack is around 4:1. 

## Impact
Any address can be made permanently incapable of receiving delegations (DoS). If a victim address wants to receive delegations, it will need to spend gas to enable itself to do so (gas griefing, cost/damage ratio around 1:1).
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/e894be3e36614a385cf409dc7e278d5b8f16d6f2/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Locking/LockingPositionDelegate.sol#L249

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/e894be3e36614a385cf409dc7e278d5b8f16d6f2/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Locking/LockingPositionDelegate.sol#L285

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/e894be3e36614a385cf409dc7e278d5b8f16d6f2/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Locking/LockingPositionService.sol#L238

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/e894be3e36614a385cf409dc7e278d5b8f16d6f2/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Locking/LockingPositionDelegate.sol#L66

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/e894be3e36614a385cf409dc7e278d5b8f16d6f2/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Locking/LockingPositionDelegate.sol#L248-L322

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/e894be3e36614a385cf409dc7e278d5b8f16d6f2/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Locking/LockingPositionDelegate.sol#L376-L383

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/e894be3e36614a385cf409dc7e278d5b8f16d6f2/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Locking/LockingPositionDelegate.sol#L422-L439

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/e894be3e36614a385cf409dc7e278d5b8f16d6f2/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Locking/LockingPositionDelegate.sol#L466-L483
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
A whitelist could be implemented to prevent malicious actors from spam delegating.

If a whitelist is undesirable, the code architecture may require significant changes to fix this issue. If possible, keeping track of delegatee state should be done without storing lists of delegators.