Sticky Chambray Bobcat

high

# DoS in LockingPositionService::balanceOfYsCvgAt due to unbounded lockExtensions array

## Summary

`LockingPositionService::increaseLockAmount` allows a user to increase the amount of CVG token in his locking position. Each time a lock's amount is increased, a new entry `lockingExtension` is added to this `lockExtensions[tokenId]` mapping without any limitations, thus allowing a malicious user to DoS `balanceOfYsCvgAt` and the reward claiming process by stuffing the array.

## Vulnerability Detail

The vulnerability arises from the unrestricted growth of the `lockExtensions[tokenId]` array through the `increaseLockAmount` function.
When the `balanceOfYsCvgAt` function is called, it iterates over this array to compute the balance.
As the array size grows, these iterations will consume excessive gas, leading to out-of-gas (OoG) errors and DoS of the `claimRewards` functions and the reward claiming process.

Scenario:

1. Bob locks 1 CVG tokens and mints a locking position (NFT ERC721).
2. Bob uses a bot to lock more tokens at regular intervals by calling `increaseLockAmount` to increase the lock amount of his position by 1 CVG token each time.
3. At each call of `increaseLockAmount`, a new entry is added to the `lockExtensions` array: `lockExtensions[tokenId].push(lockingExtension);`
4. Bob calls `claimRewards` to claim the associated rewards to the locking position NFT but the function fails due to OOG errors.

## Impact

When the `lockExtensions` array becomes excessively large, it will DoS the ability to calculate and fetch ysCVG balance, DoSing the reward claiming process and the ability for the victim delegatee to claim her rewards.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
    function increaseLockAmount(
        uint256 tokenId,
        uint256 amount,
        address operator
    ) external onlyWalletOrWhiteListedContract {
        ...
❌      lockExtensions[tokenId].push(lockingExtension); //@audit no limit on array size, can be stuffed to DoS
        ...
    }

```

```solidity
    function balanceOfYsCvgAt(uint256 _tokenId, uint256 _cycleId) public view returns (uint256) {
        ...
        LockingPosition memory _lockingPosition = lockingPositions[_tokenId];
        LockingExtension[] memory _extensions = lockExtensions[_tokenId];
        ...
❌      for (uint256 i; i < _extensions.length; ) { //@audit OoG when array is stuffed
        ...
    }

```

```solidity
    function claimRewards(uint256 tokenId, uint256 tdeId, address receiver, address operator) external {
        ...
❌      uint256 share = (_lockingPositionService.balanceOfYsCvgAt(tokenId, cycleClaimed) * 10 ** 20) /
            _lockingPositionService.totalSupplyYsCvgHistories(cycleClaimed); //@audit DoS since balanceOfYsCvgAt will revert
        ...
    }
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/main/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Rewards/YsDistributor.sol#L155

## Tool used

## Recommendation

Introduce Array Size Limitations: Implement a maximum size for the `lockExtensions[tokenId]` array to prevent it from growing indefinitely and causing gas issues, can be limiting for the user though.