Spare Leather Puma

high

# Reducing a gauge's weight might result to full DoS within GaugeController

## Summary
Calling `change_gauge_weight` and reducing a gauge's weight will result into DoS within GaugeController.

## Vulnerability Detail
Let's look at the `_get_weight` function responsible to return a gauge's weight. 
```vyper
@internal
def _get_weight(gauge_addr: address) -> uint256:
    t: uint256 = self.time_weight[gauge_addr]
    if t > 0:
        pt: Point = self.points_weight[gauge_addr][t]
        for i in range(500):
            if t > block.timestamp:
                break
            t += WEEK
            d_bias: uint256 = pt.slope * WEEK
            if pt.bias > d_bias:
                pt.bias -= d_bias
                d_slope: uint256 = self.changes_weight[gauge_addr][t]
                pt.slope -= d_slope
            else:
                pt.bias = 0
                pt.slope = 0
            self.points_weight[gauge_addr][t] = pt
            if t > block.timestamp:
                self.time_weight[gauge_addr] = t
        return pt.bias
    else:
        return 0
```
The bias is the current voting power allocated and the slope is the amount it decreases by every week. Based on when users' Voting escrows expire, the `changes_weight[gauge_addr][t]` tracks the amount by which the slope must be reduced every week.
When changing a gauge's weight within the `_change_gauge_weight` function the only thing we change is the gauge's bias. (we cannot and do not change the slope).
Because of that, if we use `change_weight` to reduce a gauge's weight, this means that at some point when calling `_get_weight` we will get in the `else` part of the statement and set both `pt.bias` and `pt.slope` to 0. This would happen at a time earlier than supposed to since the weight has been reduced by the `change_gauge_weight` function (because the bias of the gauge is less than the sum of all biases allocated by the users). What this means is that even though `pt.bias` and `pt.slope` are 0, we still have some time `t` in the future for which `self.changes_weight[gauge_addr][t]` has a non-zero value. 
Now if the gauge receives at least one new vote which has a slope change at time after timestamp `t` we will once again start entering the `if` part of the `_get_weight` function. Then we have 2 scenarios: 
1. The new vote's slope is < `self.changes_weight[gauge_addr][t]`. This means that as soon as we reach time `t` when calling `_get_weight` we will get in the if-part of the statement (as the `pt.bias > d_bias:`). However `pt.slope` will be < `_d_slope` . Meaning that the line `pt.slope -= d_slope` will cause a revert due to underflow. 
2. The new vote's slope is > `self.changes_weight[gauge_addr][t]`. The slope will once get reduced at `self.changes_weight[gauge_addr][t]`. Then, when the lock is expiring, when we try to once again reduce the slope, it will revert due to underflow 

Note: for simplicity, the example was given with only one vote after the `pt.slope` and `pt.bias` have once been evened out to 0, though it would work with any number as long as at least one of the votes has a slope change after time `t`

The same issue also applies for `_get_sum` (which basically just sums the weight of gauges of same type).

All functions relying on `_get_sum`/  `_get_weight` will revert and it is irreversible. After they are DoS'd, a call to `_change_gauge_weight` will not fix it. 

## Impact
All functions within the GaugeController contract will be DoS'd 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/main/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Locking/GaugeController.vy#L380C1-L386C29


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
if `pt.slope < d.slope`, overwrite `pt.slope` to 0.