Soft Fern Donkey

medium

# GaugeController: Reducing gauge weight via change_gauge_weight() can lead to permanent DoS of all non-view functions related to a gauge, trapping user voting power and DoSing rewarding in the CvgRewards contract

## Summary
Reducing gauge weight breaks accounting, which causes an improperly small rewards to be distributed. Furthermore, permanent DoS of all functions related to a gauge is possible, which traps user voting power and causes permanent DoS of rewarding in `CvgRewards`.
## Vulnerability Detail
The root cause of this issue is that changing gauge weight does not update slope in any way:
```vyper
def _change_gauge_weight(addr: address, weight: uint256):
    ...
    self.points_weight[addr][next_time].bias = weight
    self.time_weight[addr] = next_time

    new_sum: uint256 = old_sum + weight - old_gauge_weight
    self.points_sum[gauge_type][next_time].bias = new_sum
    self.time_sum[gauge_type] = next_time

    _total_weight = _total_weight + new_sum * type_weight - old_sum * type_weight
    self.points_total[next_time] = _total_weight
    self.time_total = next_time
```
Notice above that the state variables `self.changes_weight` and `self.points_weight[addr][next_time].slope` are never modified. These variable store slope changes and slopes, respectively. Also note that the function `_get_weight()` is used to update a gauge, and is called whenever any state-changing function related to a gauge is called (including `kill_gauge()`, `_change_gauge_weight()`, and `vote_for_gauge_weights()`).

The following scenario shows how `_get_sum()` may always revert for a gauge, causing all functions related to that gauge to be permanently DoSed:

1. Admin reduces the weight of a gauge via `change_gauge_weight()`.
2. Since the slope was never modified, the weight decays too fast. After some time (might be very short depending on how much the weight was reduced), the else block in the below code will be executed when a state-changing function related to the gauge is called and set the bias and the slope for the gauge to zero:
```vyper
@internal
def _get_weight(gauge_addr: address) -> uint256:
    t: uint256 = self.time_weight[gauge_addr]
    if t > 0:
        pt: Point = self.points_weight[gauge_addr][t]
        for i in range(500):
            if t > block.timestamp:
                break
            t += WEEK
            d_bias: uint256 = pt.slope * WEEK
            if pt.bias > d_bias:
                pt.bias -= d_bias
                d_slope: uint256 = self.changes_weight[gauge_addr][t]
                pt.slope -= d_slope
            else:
                pt.bias = 0
                pt.slope = 0
            ...
```
3. Admin increases the weight of the gauge for whatever reason. (For example, noticing that the weight of the gauge decayed to zero too quickly.) The effect is that pt.bias increases and pt.slope remains zero.
4. A state-changing function related to the gauge is called again when self.changes_weight[gauge_addr][t] is nonzero (a user's vote is about to expire). This time the `if` block in `_get_weight()` is executed since `pt.bias > d_bias`. The line of code `pt.slope -= d_slope` will underflow, and the function is permanently DoSed. 

Since all non-read functions related to the gauge call `_get_weight()`, any actions related to the gauge including removal, voting, and changing weight will all be impossible.

Notice also that `CvgRewards.writeStakingRewards()` calls the `_checkpoints()` function, which updates gauge weights in the `GaugeController`. It can't skip a gauge, so `writeStakingRewards()` will be DoSed and prevent new reward distribution.
## Impact
All functions related to a gauge may be permanently DoSed, trapping user voting power until lock expiry (could easily be greater than 1 year since `MAXTIME: constant(uint256) = 97 * WEEK` in `veCVG`). Also causes DoS of rewarding in CvgRewards.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/e894be3e36614a385cf409dc7e278d5b8f16d6f2/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Locking/GaugeController.vy

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/e894be3e36614a385cf409dc7e278d5b8f16d6f2/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Rewards/CvgRewards.sol#L235

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/e894be3e36614a385cf409dc7e278d5b8f16d6f2/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Locking/veCVG.vy#L71
## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Don't allow gauge weight reduction. Fixing this issue while retaining functionality is likely infeasible due to the code architecture. 

Manual increasing or decreasing of rewards associated with a gauge could be done in the rewarding contract instead of in `GaugeController`.