Low Bamboo Rhino

medium

# Potential Misinterpretation of Delegate Token ID Index in `getIndexForVeDelegatee()` Function

## Summary

The code snippet in question pertains to the function `getIndexForVeDelegatee()` within the `LockingPositionDelegate` contract. This function is responsible for finding the index of a delegated `tokenId` within the delegatee's token ID list. However, there is a potential vulnerability in the handling of the return value when the delegated tokenId is not found.

## Vulnerability Detail
 When the delegated `tokenId` being searched for is not found in the delegatee's token ID list. In such cases, the function returns `0` as the index value, which can be misleading. This can lead to incorrect assumptions or logic errors in functions that rely on the return value to determine the existence of a delegation.

## Impact
 This vulnerability depends on the specific use cases and functions that utilize the return value of `getIndexForVeDelegatee()`. If these functions do not account for the possibility of the index value being 0 due to both an actual delegation not found and the first element of the delegatee's token ID list being the target tokenId, it can result in incorrect logic, unexpected behavior, or potential security risks.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/main/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Locking/LockingPositionDelegate.sol#L194-L206

```solidity
function getIndexForVeDelegatee(address _delegatee, uint256 _tokenId) public view returns (uint256) {
    uint256[] memory _tokenIds = veCvgDelegatees[_delegatee];
    uint256 _length = _tokenIds.length;

    for (uint256 i; i < _length;) {
        if (_tokenIds[i] == _tokenId) return i;
        unchecked {
            ++i;
        }
    }

    return 0;// @audit 
}
```
## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation

When using the return value of `getIndexForVeDelegatee()`, check if the index value is `0` and also verify that the delegatee's token ID list is not empty to differentiate between a delegated tokenId not found and the first element of the list being the target tokenId.
