Bright Blue Worm

high

# Multiple processStakersRewards calls causing loss of SDT Rewards

## Summary
The contract's design allows for the processStakersRewards function to be called multiple times, leading to an increment in the stakingCycle each time. This can interfere with the processSdtRewards function, which may skip processing rewards for previous cycles.

## Vulnerability Detail
Incrementing Cycles: The processStakersRewards function increments the stakingCycle with each call. If called repeatedly, it can advance the cycle count beyond the current cycle.

Processing Rewards: The processSdtRewards function calculates the cycle to process rewards by subtracting one from the current stakingCycle. However, if processStakersRewards has already incremented the cycle multiple times, processSdtRewards may skip past cycles.

Example: If processStakersRewards was executed for cycles 1 to 5 consecutively, processSdtRewards would only consider cycle 5, overlooking cycles 1 to 4. 

```solidity
function processStakersRewards(uint256 _cycleId) external {
    // ...
    uint256 _cvgStakingCycle = stakingCycle++;
    // ...
}

function processSdtRewards(uint256 _cycleId) external {
    uint256 previousCycleId = stakingCycle - 1;
    // ...
}
```

## Impact
This issue can result in the loss of SDT rewards for earlier cycles, as the system fails to process them. Stakers expecting rewards for those cycles would not receive them, potentially leading to financial losses and trust issues in the system.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/main/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Staking/StakeDAO/SdtStakingPositionService.sol#L526-L582

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
To address this vulnerability, a safeguard should be implemented. The recommendation is to modify the contract to allow processStakersRewards to proceed to the next cycle only if the processSdtRewards for the previous cycle has been completed. This would ensure that each cycle is appropriately processed for rewards before moving on to the next one, preventing any loss of rewards due to skipped cycles.