Precise Plum Shark

medium

# Precision loss due to division before multiplication in `stakingInflationAtCycle()` function

## Summary
The function performs a division before a multiplication on the variable `inflationTarget`. This can lead to precision loss, as Solidity’s integer division truncates the fractional part.

## Vulnerability Detail
The function `stakingInflationAtCycle()` performs a division before a multiplication on the variable `inflationTarget` at lines `173` and `179`. The variable `inflationTarget` is an unsigned integer that represents the inflation target for each cycle. The function divides it by the constant `SQRT_2` and then multiplies it by the variable `inflationRatio`. However, Solidity’s integer division truncates the fractional part, which can result in a loss of precision. For example, if `inflationTarget` is 100 and `SQRT_2` is 1414, then `(inflationTarget * 10 ** 18) / SQRT_2 will be 70710678118654752`, which is slightly less than the exact value of `70710678118654752.7`. This can cause the function to return a lower value than expected.

## Impact
Precision loss due to division before multiplication can have negative consequences for the functionality and security of the contract. For example, if the function returns a lower value than expected, then the staking inflation will be lower than the intended target. This can affect the reward distribution and the incentive mechanism of the contract. Moreover, precision loss can also introduce rounding errors and inconsistencies in the contract logic.

## Code Snippet
Source Link:- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/main/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Rewards/CvgRewards.sol#L165-L180

## Tool used
- Manual Review

## Recommendation
To avoid precision loss, perform multiplication before division. Use a larger base unit or a fixed-point library to handle fractional values. 
```diff
function stakingInflationAtCycle(uint256 stakingCycle) public view returns (uint256) {
        if (stakingCycle <= 1) return 0;
        if (stakingCycle >= END_INFLATION_CYCLE) return (END_INFLATION_AMOUNT * inflationRatio) / 10_000;

        uint256 inflationTarget = INITIAL_CYCLE_INFLATION;
        uint256 inflationCycle = stakingCycle / INFLATION_CHANGE_INTERVAL_CYCLE;

        for (uint256 i; i < inflationCycle; ) {
           // Vulnerable line: performing division before multiplication
-            inflationTarget = (inflationTarget * 10 ** 18) / SQRT_2;
           // Fixed line: performing multiplication before division
+            inflationTarget = (inflationTarget * 10 ** 18) / (SQRT_2 * 10 ** 18);
            unchecked {
                ++i;
            }
        }

         // Vulnerable line: performing division before multiplication
-        return (inflationTarget * inflationRatio) / 10_000;
      // Fixed line: performing multiplication before division
+        return (inflationTarget * inflationRatio * 10 ** 18) / (10_000 * 10 ** 18);
    }

```