Raspy Corduroy Raven

medium

# Rewards may be lost when `SdtStakingPositionService.processSdtRewards()` is processing multiple rewards that contain the same reward token

## Summary

When rewards are processed inside `SdtStakingPositionService.processSdtRewards()`, reward amounts may be lost, because the reward amount may be overwritten if there are multiple rewards processed that contain the same reward token.

## Vulnerability Detail

Whenever rewards are processed with `SdtStakingPositionService.processSdtRewards()`, the  TokenAmount Array `_rewardAssets` is fetched by calling `SdtBuffer.pullRewards()` (line 559 SdtStakingPositionService.sol).

`SdtBuffer.pullRewards()` will return rewards from two different sources:

1. The bribes rewards, fetched on line 90 in SdtBuffer.sol
1. The rewards from the StakeDAO gauge. The number of rewards is fetched on line 96 in SdtBuffer.sol
1. Both of these rewards are then processed and written into the return value which is the `tokenAmounts`
1. First the gauge rewards are processed and written into `tokenAmounts` (line 106-147 SdtBuffer.sol)
1. Second the bribes rewards are processed and written into `tokenAmounts` (line 150-168 SdtBuffer.sol)
1. Finally the `tokenAmounts` are returned (line 170 SdtBuffer.sol), which contains the IERC20 `token` and `amount` data for each reward.

Back in `SdtStakingPositionService.processSdtRewards()` the `_rewardAssets` TokenAmount Array is then processed inside a for loop (line 561-577 SdtStakingPositionService.sol).

The issue is on line 570 where the `_token` (`_rewardAssets[i].token`) and `_rewardAssets[i].amount` are processed and assigned to `_sdtRewardsByCycle[_cvgStakingCycle][erc20Id]`. The problem here is that if the `_rewardAssets` array has multiple `TokenAmount` entries with the same token which share the same `erc20Id`, then rewards will be overwritten and lost.

Example:

1. `SdtBuffer.pullRewards()` fetches rewards from bribes rewards and from StakeDAO gauge rewards that contain an identical reward token, for example both of them are containing a USDC reward.
1. Then the return value `tokenAmounts` will contain two entries with the USDC token: the first USDC entry from StakeDAO gauge rewards and the second USDC entry from bribes rewards.
1. Then these rewards which contain two USDC rewards are processed in `SdtStakingPositionService.processSdtRewards()`
1. `SdtStakingPositionService.processSdtRewards()` is iterating over the `_rewardAssets`, processing the first USDC reward entry from `_rewardAssets` and writes the `_token` (USDC) and amount into `_sdtRewardsByCycle[_cvgStakingCycle][erc20Id]` (line 570 SdtStakingPositionService.sol). 
1. Then `SdtStakingPositionService.processSdtRewards()` processes the second USDC reward entry from `_rewardAssets` and overwrites the existing reward amount from the first USDC reward inside `_sdtRewardsByCycle[_cvgStakingCycle][erc20Id]` with the second USDC reward amount.
1. Because the reward amount for the first USDC reward was overwritten, the first USDC reward is lost.

## Impact

Rewards may be lost if there are identical reward tokens from the StakeDAO gauge rewards and from bribes rewards. For each identical reward token the rewards from the StakeDAO gauge will be lost, since they are written first into the `tokenAmounts` return value in `SdtBuffer.pullRewards()`, and will later be overwritten by the bribes reward token amount when rewards are processed inside `SdtStakingPositionService.processSdtRewards()`.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/main/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Staking/StakeDAO/SdtStakingPositionService.sol#L550-L573

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/main/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Rewards/StakeDAO/SdtBuffer.sol#L74-L170

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider adding the reward amount instead of overwriting the reward amount when processing SDT rewards:

```solidity
// SdtStakingPositionService.processSdtRewards()
572                amount: _sdtRewardsByCycle[_cvgStakingCycle][erc20Id].amount + _rewardAssets[i].amount
```
