Raspy Corduroy Raven

medium

# `SdtRewardReceiver.claimMultipleStaking`: rewards will be locked when called with zero `sdtRewardCount`

## Summary

When `SdtRewardReceiver.claimMultipleStaking` is called with `sdtRewardCount` as zero, the rewards for the user will be locked in `SdtRewardReceiver` and cannot be recovered.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `SdtRewardReceiver.claimMultipleStaking` collects rewards from the given staking contracts and transfers the rewards to the msg.sender.
One of the parameters for the function call is `sdtRewardCount`, which will be used to initiate an array for the `_totalSdtClaimable`. The array is used to track the reward tokens and their amount for the msg.sender.

For the `claimMultipleStaking` function to work, the parameter `sdtRewardCount` should be big enough, so that all the reward tokens for the msg.sender can fit into the `_totalSdtClaimable` array. For example, if the msg.sender's rewards would be USDC, USDT and DAI, then the `sdtRewardCount` should be bigger or equal to 3, otherwise the check on the line 180 will revert.

However, if the parameter `sdtRewardCount` is zero, the loop from line 158 to 185 will not happen at all, therefore the check for on the line 180 will not be triggered.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/main/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Staking/StakeDAO/SdtRewardReceiver.sol#L158-L185

As the result, the `_totalSdtClaimable` is zero length array and no rewards will be transferred to the msg.sender, even though all the rewards will be marked as claimed by calling `sdtStaking.claimCvgSdtMultiple` in the line 144. The user cannot recover the locked rewards.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/main/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Staking/StakeDAO/SdtRewardReceiver.sol#L144-L147

## Impact

If a user calls `SdtRewardReceiver.claimMultipleStaking` with the call parameter `sdtRewardCount` as zero, the rewards for the call will be locked in the `SdtRewardReceiver` and cannot be recovered.


## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/main/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Staking/StakeDAO/SdtRewardReceiver.sol#L158-L185

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-11-convergence/blob/main/sherlock-cvg/contracts/Staking/StakeDAO/SdtRewardReceiver.sol#L144-L147

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Check whether the call parameter `sdtRewardCount` for the function `SdtRewardReceiver.claimMultipleStaking` is zero. And if it is zero, revert.

